= Swish! A Ruby wrapper for the Dribbble API

Learn about the Dribbble API at http://dribbble.com/api.

== Installation

Swish is just a Ruby gem:

  gem install swish

== Examples

  require 'swish'
  
  # Find a shot
  shot = Dribbble::Shot.find(21603)
  
  # See some data about the shot
  shot.title
  shot.image_url
  shot.url
  shot.player.name
  
  # Find more shots
  inspiring       = Dribbble::Shot.popular
  call_the_police = Dribbble::Shot.everyone
  yay_noobs       = Dribbble::Shot.debuts
  
  # Paginate through shots (default is 15 per page, max 30)
  Dribbble::Shot.popular(:page => 2, :per_page => 3)
  Dribbble::Shot.everyone(:page => 10, :per_page => 5)
  Dribbble::Shot.debuts(:page => 5, :per_page => 30)
  
  # Find a player
  player = Dribbble::Player.find('jeremy')
  
  # See some data about the player
  player.name
  player.avatar_url
  player.url
  player.location

  # List a player's shots
  player.shots
  player.shots(:page => 2, :per_page => 10)
  
  # List shots by player's that this player follows
  player.shots_following
  player.shots_following(:page => 5, :per_page => 30)



== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Jeremy Weiskotten. See LICENSE for details.
